[Issue 834] label formatters (#882)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/user-guide/vision/formatter_objects.rst

- **Detections Predictions** - should implement an instance of :class:`detection_formatters.DetectionPredictionFormatter`.

Converting From Common Formats
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To initialize `DetectionLabelFormatter` for common label formats the notion of the bbox format notation can be used:

.. code-block:: python

    import torch
    from deepchecks.vision.utils import DetectionLabelFormatter

    yolo_formatter = DetectionLabelFormatter('lcxcywhn') 
    pascal_formatter = DetectionLabelFormatter('lxyxy')

>     coco_formatter = DetectionLabelFormatter('lxywh')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    coco_formatter = DetectionLabelFormatter()  # This is the default format of 'lxywh'
```

    albumentations_formatter = DetectionLabelFormatter('lxyxyn')

> By using provided bbox format notation deepchecks will know how to transform labels to the format required by deepchecks, which is 'lxywh'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the outlined bbox format notation deepchecks will transformed the labels to the format required by deepchecks, which is 'lxywh'.
```

Elements of the bbox format notation:

>     * l - label (class) of the object;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * l - label (class index) of the object;
```

    * xy - top-left or bottom-right corner of the bbox. (First 'xy' element is always interpreted as x-min, y-min, and second as x-max, y-max). Coordinates of the bounding box's corners are represented with respect to the top-left corner of the image which has (x, y) coordinates (0, 0);

>     * cxcy - center of the bbox;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * cxcy - xy measured from the center of the image, meaning the center of the image is (0, 0);
```

    * wh - width and height of the bbox;

>     * n - element placed at the beggining or at the end of the notation indicates whether coordinates are normalized or not. Which means that coordinates of the bbox are representated not in pixels but as ration of x / image-width and y / image-height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * n - placed at the beginning or at the end of the notation to indicate whether the coordinates are normalized or not. Normalized coordinates are not measured in pixels, but as rather ratio of x / image-width and y / image-height.
```

> An important moment to note is that `DetectionLabelFormatter` do not work with labels represented by JSON, XML, or python dictionaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that `DetectionLabelFormatter` does not work with labels represented by JSON, XML, or python dictionaries.
```

> The acceptable objects types for `DetectionLabelFormatter` are numpy arrays, pytorch tensors, and python sequence-like objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label batch processed by `DetectionLabelFormatter` must be an iterable of numpy arrays.
```
Does the code really work on label batches which are iterables of tensors or other stuff?

Author: > Does the code really work on label batches which are iterables of tensors or other stuff?

do not know what you mean by `other stuff` but yes it works with pytorch tensors

> Example to represent the thought:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of using the notation format to get a DetectionLabelFormatter converting from yolo format to deepchecks format:
```
